IBM Bean Scripting Framework (BSF) Distribution LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS IBM BEAN SCRIPTING FRAMEWORK DISTRIBUTION LICENSE
AGREEMENT (called the "Agreement") CAREFULLY. Your use of the software
or any related documentation (called the "Software") indicates your
acceptance of the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree
to these terms and conditions, you may not install or use the Software
or exercise any of the rights granted hereunder.

NOTICE: The Software that is made available through the alphaWorks
project is not generally available software. It has not undergone
testing and may contain errors. It may not function properly. No
support or maintenance is provided with this Software. Do not install
or distribute the Software if you are not accustomed to using or
distributing experimental software.

1. Ownership and License.

The Software is provided by International Business Machines
Corporation or one of its subsidiaries ("IBM") and is copyrighted and
licensed, not sold.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, IBM grants you a world-wide,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license, under IBM
copyrights in the Software, to: 1) download, reproduce and prepare
derivative works from the object code and source code versions of the
Software; and 2) distribute the Software and derivative works thereof
("Software Modifications"), in object code only, and only when you
package substantial "value-add" with the Software or Software
Modifications. Examples of value-add would be other software products
or hardware products. No patent licenses, express, implied, by
estoppel or otherwise are granted by IBM hererunder.

You understand and agree that although IBM grants the licenses to the
Software as set forth above, no assurances are provided by IBM that
the Software does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any
person or other legal entity. IBM expressly disclaims any liability to
You for claims brought by any individual or other legal entity based
upon infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a
condition precedent to exercising the rights and licenses granted
hereunder, You hereby assume sole responsibility to secure any other
intellectual property rights needed, if any, in order to exercise the
rights granted in this Agreement. For example, if third party
intellectual property rights are required in order for you to copy or
distribute a Software Modification, You are responsible to acquire
these rights before copying or distributing the Software Modification.

2. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability

IBM licenses the Software to you on an "AS IS" basis, without warranty
of any kind. IBM HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY,
NONINFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and
distributing this Software and any Software Modifications and assume
all risks associated with the use and distribution of this Software
and any Software Modifications, including but not limited to the risks
of program errors, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment,
unavailability or interruption of operations and third party
claims. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion or
limitation of implied warranties, so the above limitations or
exclusions may not apply to you.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold IBM, its Subsidiaries,
employees and agents harmless from all claims or demands made against
them (and any related losses, damages, expenses and costs) arising out
of: 1) the distribution of any Software Modifications by You; and 2)
any failure by You to obtain any third party intellectual property
rights that are required for the use or distribution of the Software
or Software Modifications by You, provided that IBM: a) notifies You
in writing of such claim, and b) allows You to control and cooperates
with You in the defense and any related settlement negotiations. IBM
shall have the right to participate in such claim at its own
expense. IBM WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES OR FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OR FOR ANY ECONOMIC
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR SAVINGS), EVEN IF IBM
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IBM will not be
liable for the loss of, or damage to, your records or data, the
records or data of any third party, or any damages claimed by you
based on a third party claim. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the
exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the
above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

You agree to distribute the Software and any Software Modifications
under a license agreement that: 1) is sufficient to notify all
licensees of the Software and Software Modifications that IBM assumes
no liability for any claim that may arise regarding the Software or
any Software Modifications; and 2) disclaims all warranties, both
express and implied, from IBM regarding the Software and any Software
Modifications.

You agree that whenever you distribute the Software or Software
Modifications, the product packaging and marketing collateral for the
value-added product package that includes the Software or Software
Modification will contain a conspicuous statement that the IBM Bean
Scripting Framework is incorporated therein, provided that You do not
make or imply any representations or warranties on behalf of IBM.

3. Rights in Data

We encourage your feedback and suggestions and want to use your
feedback to improve the Software and the alphaWorks program. IBM
wishes to continually improve upon the Software. You agree to promptly
provide to IBM a copy of Software Modifications that You develop by
sending a copy of all such Software Modifications, in source code
form, to: bsfers@watson.ibm.com.

You hereby grant to IBM a royalty-free, irrevocable license under all
intellectual property rights (including copyright) to use, copy,
distribute, sublicense, display, perform and prepare derivative works
based upon any feedback, including Software Modifications, materials,
fixes, error corrections, enhancements, suggestions and the like that
you provide to IBM. You represent and warrant that you possess the
necessary rights in the Software Modifications and other feedback you
provide to IBM to provide the foregoing license to IBM.

4. General

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York. You
agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations,
including without limitation all export and import laws, rules and
regulations.

This Agreement does not grant you or your licensees the right to use
any IBM trademark or name, except as explicitly defined in Section 3
above for the sole purpose of providing the required attribution and
license disclaimers.

This Agreement is the only understanding and agreement we have
regarding your use of the Software. It supersedes all other
communications, understandings or agreements we may have had prior to
this Agreement.
